to the suit mirth Donkey Sanctuary in
Devon for the tale of Sam the donkey and
his keeper canny judge the sanctuary
rescues donkeys and allows them to spend
their declining years with all the
comfort and food that any donkey could
wish for apart from that is Sam came in
to the donkey sank to its side with
about twelve years ago and when he came
in his own as told us that he would open
gates and doors and true to form Sam's
been up to his old tricks again the
handle beckons the other donkeys queue
up expectantly after opening the door
opening the food container is child's
so is Sam's door opening trick clever
maybe not but the real charm of the
story is how all the other donkeys
benefit as well